How are you? Btw thanks for the RT. You gonna be in DC anytime soon? Love to see you. Been way, way too long.
When you meet someone special... you'll know. Your heart will beat more rapidly and you'll smile for no reason.
they've decided its more fun if I don't.
So Tired D; Played Lazer Tag & Ran A LOT D; Ughh Going To Sleep Like In 5 Minutes ;)
Words from a complete stranger! Made my birthday even better :)
First Cubs game ever! Wrigley field is gorgeous. This is perfect. Go Cubs Go!
i no! i get another day off from skool due to the wonderful snow (: and THIS wakes me up...damn thing
I'm coo... Jus at work hella tired r u ever in cali
The new sundrop commercial ...hehe love at first sight
we need to reconnect THIS WEEK
I always wonder how the guys on the auctions shows learned to talk so fast!? all I hear is djsosnekspqnslanskam.
Dammnnnnn what a catch
such a great picture! The green shirt totally brings out your eyes!
Desk put together, room all set up. Oh boy, oh boy
I'm doing it!👦
Beauty Brainstorming in the Alchemy office with and Sally Walker!
Looking for a new band to blog for the month. anyone interested?
Packing for a quick move down the street... If only I had some movers...
ford focus hatchback?
RT : According to the National Retail Federation $16.3 BILLION was spent on #MothersDay last year!!
“: "The tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so long to begin it." - W.M. Lewis”
More skating! Come by the check out a movie, eat a great dinner and top it off with great times at the ice rink.
watch your mailbox! : )
Tommorows the day...
Good questions. RT : Your #brand will be judged based on its #website. Is your website a good brand ambassador?...
Don't care what others think of you, and you will save yourself a lot of mental energy that instead can be used to push you towards success.
This Ron Artest interview... is it possible to die from laughter?
Linda! Just looked at my sched & I have to hustle back to Chula for P.M. meetings, so no time 4 lunch. :( Do u meet every Fri?
Bum Squad lets get it! RT : Shout that ninja out for winning
I love you, and I'm so proud of you. From sitting on those stairs on The X Factor, to now. You boys are my inspiration.♥ :) xx
Maybe some other time I can't slow down, right across that state line right about now
Exhaust leak! arrrgh
i Love Reading your magazine (: it always cheers me up
Tables are all sold out for the Mystique Masquerade Ball.
Make one up! It might help you feel better. Alternative: just scream nonsense at the dumb machine.
ya ik and i never asked him to follow me i only mentioned him once in one of my tweets- i didnt do anything else
I will <3
Great talking to you guys tonight! Looking forward to your piece next week Jon.
Small market baseball. You, know...for the 99%.
Sing it!
it comes on tonight!! not tomorrow!!
maybe? just seems they thought up that idea over sunday brunch and thought it was swell.
Thanks for the #FF! Awfully good company to be in.
"The longer we live the more we find we are like other persons." ~ Oliver Wendell Holmes
made my list for top 99 women.
nice I watched the whole series, LOVED Julia and her mom Erica was such a badass
GOP line on Obama gay marriage stance seems to be that he flip-flopped. Really want to use that with Romney as your presidential candidate?
I know, I know. Then you kick yourself when the fight goes lopsided. But if the upset DOES happen, wow. Nothing like it.
No stress balls or keg and different crew -- but these guys know how to party
William Davis attorney says client will plead insanity. He faces first-degree murder charge in woman's death
#OccupyMadison GA: "I always considered myself a liberal until I saw the liberal machine in action. It was ugly."
Weird thought: we got to witness the change of a millenia, the next change is 40 generations away...imagine what the differences will be!!
got a good one?
love chris brown
Wit them sexy ass lips
its sounds good
How (un??)fortunate that those days when every status update was a song lyrics were also the days when I first discovered New Wave...
I had a bomb ass day Chillin' with friends.
Working on music for Holiday show on the 23 in Santa Barbara!! OPEN BAR!! Me, Tim from Palin White T's and JR Richards from Dishwalla!!
Hey Nate! Thanks for dropping by yesterday. How was your meal?
#FF : literary lights who brightened my week.
Time to shape up! Water, pavement, weights, and zija are going to be my friends. wedding just 4 months away!
Report the many things that are positive about the University of Arkansas athletics program.
Athletes/celebrities should have a tool to charge $.99 per RT request. $ to support foundations/charities, fans get involved.
Enjoy!! Stay cool!!
"...yo chick she so thirst..." aye!!! I really don't know what else they're saying tho except that lol
talks in third person.
. many things can happen. Only YOU can control your reaction to it. Practice this good
"You will allow me to continue to do what I love." Big Show's wife?
haha very cute! Have u heard from julie?? Who's that on her fb I'm tryin not to laugh
and somedays youre the windshield wiper
I'm taking Adam! :-)
lets do this
Not much, Ben - how's you?
Sarah trying to explain to my teacher YOLO, lmfao .... >>
#Inspiring RT : Great minds must be ready not only to take opportunities, but to make them. --Colton
med school...wow! I could never do that. Am too OCD to be around blood and sick people for long periods of time ;)
Sleeping? Not likely. RT : Sleeping to
Time for lunch!
Not being dependent on anyone for your happiness >>>
This humidity is not sitting well with me at all !! #NeedACInSchool D:
Do u know whats creepily??? I Hate Cheesecake. Its Cake with Cheese in front of it!
thanks. Got it at walmart!
Still haven't seen #Super8? Every 88th check-in wins a free movie ticket. 45,347 check-ins so far!!
RT Congratulations to the for advancing in the #stanleycup Playoffs! They defeated the #Sens in a 4-3 series.
Hey hey hey , can i meet chaaaa ?!
Ghost Hunters makes me cry :( <3
Who's going to the OVW show tomorrow? your team dominoski will be in the house! First brew after the show is on me!
just waking up but #therave last night though>>>>>>
at six flags.
Thanks Tom.
They're not applauding because you don't have a button!
« im not mad.. it just sucks that i cant show you off.» THIS!.
I'm at little league majors try outs in
Where my meatballs at? and Naomi :)
Doing some #cufon testing and implementation in #wordpress. What the FOUC d'y'all think of cufon?
lo mejor! it was cool experiencing work through the eyes of an excited teen
Me: the only b word u should call a girl is beautful! Colin: or a butterfly!
I just think that the zooming is overused. It needs to be done tastefully. And it's not the point.
If you have Firefox or Google Chrome type in "let it snow" into google today.
hahahahhahah u just made my day :D
I can hear "High and Dry" through the walls. Amazing.
RT : **IMPORTANT** Our new hashtag is #SNTCK please tweet your #specialneeds resources and writings with us to share
Proud to have voted twice for the SAG-AFTRA merger. Have you voted yet?
this conference is rockin'
Pretty sure that was a broken leg.
Keith was also good a smoking in the dugout and being a class a jerk. I grew up a Mets fan..sorry to admit
She's calling you back - is having a moment ;)
Reward yourself for just getting up in the morning. It's a wonderful accomplishment!
Big ups to for leaving voicemails that Google can accurately transcribe.
#GET BETTER
Everyone say a prayer for my brother who is at Wrigley field with his wife and kids. She and her daughters are in Cardinals jerseys.
Why you actin like that towards me now
Have a great evening/afternoon/whatever it is where you are, folks!
experience of a life time!
Hey how did you like Dogtooth? I watched like six months ago but don't know anyone else who saw it.
The average gossip and complain. The exceptional create and inspire. #leadership RT
#OneThingYouShouldntDo Spam someone to DEATH! it's like stalking them ... Like really?!
me too
Buffalo we do appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
I promise you can go ten minutes without hanging on his arm.
Snap backs and tattoos
Fallout from the original, actually
who is your favorite tv mom?
Hey Giants fans. How ya feeling tonight. Boy, do you look dumb in that stupid panda hat.
out of twitter jail i see.
IT PUTS THE WOO IN MY WOO!
People can keep talking/Thy can say what thy like/I dont worry cause everythings goin' be alright/No one get n way I feeling 4 (JESUS)
Drawn Dead will be at the Wynn today giving out free shirts!
the fact that i added an extra "d" on the end of "just" amplifies its greatness that much more. Oy vey.
Hmm, I got hacked--do not open that link in the DM that was sent from my account. Sorry!! Yikes.
dont break my butt
you're welcome(:
O.. intrigued by ! We're in negotiations for building our new website...
So what do you do in OKC?
the fact that lives on an island makes me wanna shoot myself because i need to see her at least every other day to feel sane.
Players were Tebowing before Sat NFL Astroturf Collegiate Bowl. Praying in the end zone before the game and Tebowing a great stite
Yes they can :)
Hahahahaha, I love it. Thanks for the quick birthday lesson :)
; Im Almost Up To Youu!
Tonight should be fun ;)
I spy at Zeitgeist Coffee :)
Thanks for the retweet!
“: be quiet poo balls.” I'm writing this on my wall
Sarkozy? More like Sark-oh-no-he-didn'tzy, am I right?
going through #RNRCHI bag & wondering if people *actually* pay $60 to do the "ready to run" 20 mile training run.
That's game we lost I can't hate on the Heat Good Game
The #Marlins wish they had 5000 in attendance tonight...
#9 for Nelson!
Tweetin while I walk. Check my walkin soundtrack!
are you visiting again?! 'cause that would be awesome!
no it's the interview he told us about in class member?
Who has the bigger stick?
These late night walks are still religion to me. Thank goodness for these.
Is that a rhetorical question?
I want a new phone case. Preferably a sparkly one.
Everybody in the class is laughing at this part and I had no idea what was said :p
Bestfriend just got hit on my a 30 something year old
thanks for the follow... Your Gorgeous btw! ;)
oh boo :( and here I was promoting what I thought it would be to a friend yesterday! Let me know if the cobbler needs help ;)
"Collaboration addresses complex problems more effectively because there are more perspectives in the room"-Gary Mangiofico
cinco de mayo fiesta at la carreta is packed!
Dallas slapped me on my red as cherries sunburn, and im still crying aftr 10 mins., i hate him.
is that kind of place. Like in DC. Ladybugs lurv it.
#Well Done 2
I was born 2 weeks early? Haha
cant wait till
you are gorgeous, em!
That’s what I thought, just wanted to check before I rework it.
adele gets off a standing ovation right away?
Keep moving, and get out of the way
“: yeah, l could be the bigger person, or you could just shut the fuck up.”
anything intriguing going over there? Any clues on who the browns draft next?
Being chauffeured in a brand new Range Rover w/ and Happy Derby day!
I lost 5 pounds sweating in sparring class today.
Let peace find a toe hold in this tumultuous world.
Reminder: we play in Dallas tonight at the den. 10p start. See y'all there.
me, too!
And thank everyone of you who has taken the time out of your day to listen to us, your all amazing, much love h2p
in MD MIAA-A Boys Lax action, St Mary's Annapolis goes into Loyola-Blakefield's house and leaves with a victory. 11-8
#FridayThe13th is the best movie ever....and todays date.
The poor needs relief, and they need it now! Somebody help!
Okay so apparently it's not new? Sorry for having a life and not listening to music all day long. :)
Heard PM was in #Broncos training facility all day, even had a 2 Hour
that is hilarious! We need to do what we can to feel young!!
I had the weirdest dreams last night.
scrapbook class. Next up: hinged reattachment of enclosures w/ wheat paste and Japanese tissue! It's like I'm at nerd camp.
If your girlfriends parents pay her cell phone bill...
thanks... I'll definitely be using some Edmundson
This Little Girl by Cady Groves..... I <3 it! Look it up :)
YourKoz Games+Find out who this is-$2.00+She concentrates on the calibre and quality of education for Jordanian children & global education
can u please RT or follow? i'm one of your biggest fans :)
The tea party movement filled the gap in republican party on intolerance for overspending.
Flores says vocational training is "his backyard." Admiration for police, nurses.
In Krav Maga there are no rules, no restrictions
Thank you! I'm proud of us all!
I love you brianana
"As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord." And we will embrace our LGBT brothers and sisters.
im following u so u cant welch lol
Plan on being a DJ (:
I actually saw a police officer on horseback galloping through downtown.
8th grade was so great though! & we all said we'd all stay close! We should all get together ASAP.
so? It's not the same.
got that vol. 1 return of the bodysnatchers bumpin. Perfect for the gym! I'm going I'n right now!!
is our new Twitter pg. Follow 4 exciting deals, ATX challenges, & insights on #fashion, epicurean, entertainment & the arts
Daddy got a new truck(:
Freakin is FLAWLESS..in every way!
he's next to go bro
Thanks for finally providing a good night's rest! and I had a great time! Hope your run post beers was good!
I love my momma :)
Hello new followers!
Not sure! Any recommendations? RT : Hey Chicago! What are you eating at the Taste of Chicago this weekend?
Mayoral Candidate Forum on education this Thursday January 21, 6pm at Warren Easton, 3019 Canal street.
Ah I miss that place so much! We def need to do another road trip this summer
Join the Maui Mall Shoppers Club at www.mauimall.com. We give away three great prizes monthly, including $100 gift certificate to the mall!
busy day. I thought called about Film but it was same name dude who is a set medic. #internmistakes!
total white cat move
I actually liked Derek Morris as a Ranger.
Twovsuns massage is now offering couples massage! What a great way to start off your valentines day! Call to schedule today!
Stellar of to reply. #digiday I find the lack of women in marketing/pr leadership interesting- it's an area of research for me.
Enter to win an Orioles vintage cap by email or tweet the answer to: Which 2 O's pitchers hold the record for the most opening day starts?
Prepare for testing season by practicing to read standardized instructions in dry monotone.
What Is A Life Without A Purpose? What Is A Purpose Without Love?
got to fa the one time one time and nope that shit stressede the hell out boa
that's the beauty of self-publishing, you can find your audience without publishing types.
i'm waiting patiently for the videos of the tram ride and pics at Yoga! :-)
Congrats to Patti Groff, CLM on winning the Spirit of ALA Award - a huge honor recognizing leadership and dedication!
Finally Going to bed. Had a long night but atleast it was for a good cause. ❤#RelayForLife ❤
Haha. Works for me sometimes. ;)
Send details and I can post.
Wearing my 2011 shirt to the #Skrillex show in Indy tonight. Already got a lot of compliments.
Howdy Ali - good to meet you too!
The scent of Coco Chanel perfume will aways flood me with lovely memories of my dear Aunt Lynn.
"We All Got That One Friend whose laugh is always funnier than the joke."
Fact: Girls have a lot of crushes but their heart only belongs to one guy.
Number one SEO mistake? Not doing on page keyword optimization.
Count on me! ;) RT : better get your own party started!
I hate when i wear bhoops and people are like " the bigger the hole the bigger the hoe" and im just like. O___o bitch try me.
Be the light in the world of darkness
#kids Little Stage Puppet Theater: Little Stage Puppet Theater Friday, May 11, 2012 at 6:30 PM Monrovia California 518 E. Colorado,...
lost one dream, so now i'm gonna pursue an even greater one
Interested to see matte football helmets next year. Not convinced, yet.
oh man I want some French toast so bad now...
You mean... a winky face is not the correct use?!
omg Jesus loves me SO much that sometimes my hair falls out. Then I pick it up and burn it as an offering. It feels so nice.
No you Not!
Hi there Sueanne! Liking the newest avatar! Getting to be beach weather, right?!
The trip home feels twice as long. Even with good music and junk food. Too bad I don't smoke anymore.
: Thanks for ther RT about Administrative Professionals Day.
Tryin to stay up for loiter squad
looks like its a jquery problem. in this.selectMenuItem, this refers to the document, right?
Can I get a refill?
Sitting in the doctors office 😖😰💔💔
ha nah that aint me
Hey everyone, please follow one of the best metal drummers ever, Paul Bostaph,
Wow. Bollywood and Smash are still trending. That's how good tonight's episode of #smash was!
seriously? I'll have to check it out!
Just saw this tweet, it was good to meet you too! Thank you so much for your support! MT
are you coming to get Donovan
OK just asked to have it shipped should have it in the next few days
Engineering Dev Manager-excellent leadership opportunity in Bellevue
Sometimes "no syntax error" doesn't equal finished; it equals actually beginning.
Listening to The Faint always makes me think of you :) Its not bad for paper-writing music!
Sleep with one eye open.
Loved that beer, thank you for sharing
Successfully set up Nokia Education Delivery server locally (MacBook Pro) but am at a loss for user guides.
/ That, Alberto, is part of our "secret sauce" for the game. They are not aware, as that could bias gameplay.
hell yeah! How much are the tickets?!
Thank God, Lifetime, and Thank You John! I hope the show lasts forever on television, this show is very valuable to all of us!
Teen Wolf Trailer Omg I can't wait till it comes back on!!(:
U Said "I Will BE THERE WITH YOU",But #Wisconsin NEEDS U NOW. GO spend & campaign there
Late night last night.
#Pittsburgh WPXI interviewing family across st whose chimney fell down during the earthquake. Tempted 2walk out dressed in my Batman outfit
Time to dream bout some crazy ishhh goodnight 💤
okaay (; LOOOOL i still remember our thoughts
it's my fault I'm sorry
hey Clifbar people, love your stuff but need more info on this arsenic in organic bar business in the news today. What's your take?
Chicago roadtrip status: ACTIVE.
Watched 'Anatomy of a Murder' tonight. Have u seen it? Late-50s courtroom drama that you would surely appreciate.
Happy Mothers Day all Moms from me& FloboRojan RT: , " Yearning 2 hear well done good & faithful servant..From my Wife." (cont)
Hard to believe but The Great Online (formerly ReignNet) has accumulated over 150 customers!
Griffin shoots on his way down. Irks me.
Hey shawty, I was thinkin of you (;
theyre gonna win just to fly to miami tomorrow
sweet! Let me know what you think. “: can't wait to read Humanize by !”
Stop trying to control everything and just let go.
It is an absolutely gorgeous December moon.
God has so many amazing plans for you :) I can't wait for whats to come and some new music!!
yup-there's all kinds of sneezing & sniffles in my house lately.
we're apart at a ray
Holy shit my mom can talk. About the SAME. DAMN. THING. That everybody already knows.
Coming up on a year with Twitter and not much to show for it...
Ok I need a remote starter asap:-(
I could go for a nice post dinner cheese plate. What kind of host are you, ?
Just had the best snow cone, imperial woodpecker in NYC- get there
I need to see so many movies.
Why do I always buy the biggest wedding gift?
younger guys is in the rotation hopefully behind CC and then RF prob with Swisher and catcher
Thanks! Still need Help/Suggestions! I had another 6 commitments Saturday from the young youth group.
I deserve to know it's GMO.
Started today at 5 with meditation and a double iced espresso. I think I have found the magic morning combo!
I'ts your blog and you are well aware of the link. Don't play dumb with me.
Need to vacuum
The panna cotta is a must make!
If this whole journalism thing doesn't work out, I think I now know what I want my second career to be.
because they're "bad bitches" aka bitches doing bad, close to the lowest female life form, next to jersey chasers
Man I am in the weeds today at work. Someone bring me ZKabob and brighten my day :)
Don't forget.... our 5th annual #Cuts4aCause is TOMORROW from 9-3!!! Don't miss out on this amazing event!! Call 414.988.4165 to book!
At first I wasn't sure (because I'm vegetarian), but some of their menu does look good; especially the cheeses.
I'll go without before i beg for something...
RT : And IU moves on to the next round of the tournament!
Silverton "Skip the Strip" New Year's Eve celebration. $10 wristband all you can drink 9:20-12:30
I need two new tires .
NBA #FanNight Chris webber my dad likes your glasses! DC13
sometimes you gotta do stuff you really don't wanna do.
- Sounds good bro
I'm digging The Offspring right now.
Thanks for the RT! :)
Enjoy this sunny day with a smile on your face and your head held high cuz u never know when the dark clouds will roll in
because... Why? Doesn't look like a keg. Guess it usually smells like one, I guess.
No worries! We hope you find ours interesting and helpful as well!
#Spammers I'd like to see the statistic on what spammers cost american small businesses in a dollar amount. They cost me so much...
Cory Booker is on my tv.
If the #2 pencil is so popular then why is it number 2? 😳
plz go follow she follow back ;D and i will follow you too :D
Chasing The Sun is honestly a very very amazing song. IT'S SO ADDICTING, lol.
Brandon don't joke like that
RT Drake Be Sounding Like He Be Crying His Ass Off When He Be Singing Sometimes ! lOl hell yeah
" Motivation and inspiration energize people, not by pushing them in the right direction as control mechanisms do but by satisfying basic...
I thought you were strictly Infrastructure bro? You doing sharepoint dev roles too now?
no I had the kids. The ex kinda dropped them on me
Playing with fire again.
Ad2's "When Creatives and Non-Creatives Unite" is March 13th. Stay tuned in to Twitter and your Email for more information!
awesome! Although a little jealous bout the Jordans! Haha!
join the club that plays #unfollowfriday every week! It relieves stress!
you said that u cant say boys like my head...yet i have a bf..so obviously he likes my head
Do you need a custom "welcome gate" for your business page? We can do it! Need social media management? We can handle that for you, too!
-OR- "Moons Over my Hammy" lol M
Missing a very important page from my booking notebook...this isnt good.
gets a standing ovation on Leno!! Freedom is catching.
Sorry for the technical difficulties tonight guys. One day soon we'll have proper working equipment!
it should keep that same letter everytime u plug it in.
My Facebook doesn't look any different. Can I say Facebook on Twitter?
The thing I wish I could say to you but knowing I wont<<<
is doing some work! Check them out.
got the 12th pick,12team league,somebody help me....
you never know!
That song still gives me chills!
Aight heat nation victory nite 2nite... Lets go heat
I love talking to this kidd
Thin air will help so the offense won't have to drive as far.
Whoa! Whoa! Koala's get chlamydia?
RIP to the day when Titanic sent more than 1,500 people to a watery grave
Lakers would do well to keep drawing fouls on the Thunder bigs.
is there a worse place to get drafted than Cleveland?
can somebody make me a spaghetti diagram showing the connections among all of these data citation programs? Overwhelming...
Well, we're getting close to completing the album!..See the journey!
Going to bed, Night <3
Just finished "one thousand gifts"....what a read. Just ordered 4 new....hate waiting!
I just love when my mother forgets to pay my phone bill. Sure hope I don't have a wreck on the way home and have to call 911.
I just swabbed for Janet Liang tonight! And I'm actually home tonight to listen!
Josh Hamilton CRACKS on CJ for 19 home runs on the season!!! Dude is in a ZONE!!!
Does anyone get blown out on the road more often than the Lakers?
girls over 150 should stick to sweats and bags over their heads
Is your last name Trump? Mine got $5 for the first & $1 for each thereafter.
haha its the culture B haha
LA MUJER DE IVAN @ 8:30PM. Screened as part of The New Chilean Directors Showcase.
haha your full of it! Its a gray day and I'm stressed but doing OK. Ha!
Well there might not be any crying in baseball, but there is a great deal of it in skiing.
I would love to connect sometime. Where are you located?
yessir you are correct
I want steak and crab so bad right now. I'm thinking a late night grilling session later.
You will absolutely love it after the first 75 pages. So, suck it up and get that far. It turns on a dime.
You know, football isn't nearly as fun to watch when beer isn't involved
Being abused
I found Toure Neblett much less of a jerk than one name Toure, the delusional ego maniac with an opinion on everything.
Anyone out there looking to buy hunting land in Northern & Central Wisconsin this fall?
OMG MediaTemple NameSevers are down! Somebody's going to be in trouble.
"#Mathematics is made of 50 percent formulas, 50 percent proofs, and 50 percent imagination." And #mathematicians prove this all the time!
can I set up an interview with you guys?
wow I have snake bites again
Phillip Humber threw a perfect game will never stop talking about it haha
Happy Casimir Pulaski Day! Only in Illinois...
Guys.. make me upset.
Is everyone Getting Along??
So it's worth watching? So afraid to commit to another show.
Yes, you should be mean to the foster dog so he doesn't like you. That's the ticket.
aw. Okay
I want to get 100 followers already! Follow me!
i guess they think they doin somethin by changing my fb password nd im the Lil Kid lmaooo
I'd like to know how much household help & had when the boys were infants & in school!
iv never felt this for any guy. u must be special <3 its a thing called true love <3
I didn't say it wasn't a good question. I said its not a good question on Mother's Day
Surrendering isn't just about letting go...It's about letting God!" I surrender all!
“: Rooney Rule: You should start #eating right, getting #sleep and #exercising soon, because soon it will be too late!”
Richard Welsh is Steve's Dad. He is hoping #TeamSoaringHigh from Colorado, where the Welsh family lived a country road or 2 from each other.
!++-~| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
#Startingnow I want ALL those girls of the world to know that they are beautiful and that there should #notbebulling and it should stop!
I miss Ryan Dunn =(
What a beautiful fall night in Seattle! I love this time of year
Now that everyone has graduated, I'm off to never never land
My Name Is MAHATAA is BOOK OF THE MONTH at Agape for the month of February, leading into book signing in mid-March! See you then!
good cause the cowboys could use him in two years
San diego mayor talking about the necessity of art despite hard times!
Some things are easier said than done.
Thanks for the RT! I hope all is well with you!!
Kind of wish I wasn't going to prom...
Lol. Shep Jr. don't care!
: ALL seized Full Tilt #Poker funds, incl. payment processors, should be used to reimburse players. THX
Congrats to all who made last night a sellout..come
yikes.."since 2007, RIM has introduced 37 models" -- A Boggle of Blackberrys nyti.ms/tKK5hZ
IDIOT!!! Ban him!!
Ok I need kush rehab real shit
RT: it would be amazing and the best thing yet... if u were to follow me yee:)) 11:11
Taking orders for custom clips, pic sets and webcam shows!!!! ;)
Lobby of Marriott playing Bruce (Hungry Heart) waiting for NJ crowd to arrive
I didn't get home until the saw the sun coming up... I went hard last night
ugh i know.......long night Smh
Sad. The guy who created the Mustang Cobra passed away today. My favorite car!
UK sucks. UofL all day
One day.... :) “: dude! You guys need to come through Canada already haha”
Tommorow is B-day nd Everyone should Wish Her A Good One. She is One Of Are Biggest Supporters. So S/O Nd Love You Pintos :-)
Take a risk today! Cooperation is key to executing complex business tasks – but competition is at the heart of innovation.
#Brewers upcoming series this week: 2 games at NY Mets / 2 games at Houston / 3 games vs Twins
"life is too short, gotta live it long"-Chris Rene, love it!!
Started revising the chapter. Your suggestions are helping this argument along so well. I can't thank you enough!
I know that. But others don't.
Have you given your presentation yet? How's the conference going?
"I look all summery and like a volleyball player" made my day !
Yea..I curse like a fucking sailor. But I'm working on it lol
Dream interpretation: It's about sex. That'll be $125.
send the pizza in the mail. :)
I guess so. Sure hope its soon enough
Up early thiis morning nd now its back to the studio. Got a couple traxxs to listen too nd possibly layiin dwn a track. W.O.R.D.
Another Great Workout This A.M. Just Smashed This Breakfast. Now Headed n to the office for a Productive Work Day
#ICantStandPeople who think they know it all or start a conversation but don't keep it going
Why do the last words of tweet line 1s repeat at start of line 2s?
RT probably a defense mechanism against dissonance from viewing oneself as civilized while acting savage/barbaric toward others.
I am so glad you like it as much as I do!
I love getting drunk on occasions. Are u out or in home?
talking about moving beyond "the idea of giving your reputation to a social network and letting them monetize it"
Melo is a scorer nobody can stop him at all! He is usually threading scorer not this year though
following u
« I want a large cherry berry chiller .»
screw everyone and come to Baylor
So happy to finally be home. I missed my family so much.
you've been fed a complete diet of propaganda your whole life...now how will you vote?...the only way you have learned thru inculcation?...
I likee both of them ;o
TWEET this: #AmpTopTrend with the name of the song or artist you want to hear on . Every hour you choose a new song!
i can't even begin to tell you the feeling i get..when hearing my beats play..better than any drug. -McM
is on Tuesday and watching A Man Apart...one of my favorites!
Beyond frustrated... Shit!
no way you looked like a boy BUT- I feel you sister! Judy cuts my hair and she's a bad ass. She will make you look great.
hey. why'd you decide to join twitter? hopefully i can be your first reply.
Assert your right to make a few mistakes. If people can’t accept your imperfections, that’s their fault.
I wuvvvv you
I knew something was going to go wrong

